docs: add dashboard CTAs (#2985)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: source/guides/guides/continuous-integration.md

## Record tests

<!-- Line breaks removed to prevent random br elements -->
{% note info %}
<p class="section-title">Test and debug faster with the Cypress Dashboard</p><ul class="mb-2"><li>See exact point of failure of tests running in CI</li><li>Supercharge test times by running tests in parallel</li><li>Get instant test failure alerts via Slack or GitHub</li></ul><a href="https://www.cypress.io/dashboard" class="button">Get Started Free</a>
{% endnote %} 

> Cypress can record your tests and make the results available in the {% url 'Cypress Dashboard' https://on.cypress.io/dashboard %}, which is a service that gives you access to recorded tests - typically when running Cypress tests from your {% url 'CI provider' continuous-integration %}. The Dashboard provides you insight into what happened when your tests ran.

Reviewer: Use document reference from sidebar.yml.

```suggestion
Cypress can record your tests and make the results available in the {% url 'Cypress Dashboard' dashboard-introduction %}, which is a service that gives you access to recorded tests - typically when running Cypress tests from your {% url 'CI provider' continuous-integration %}. The Dashboard provides you insight into what happened when your tests ran.
```
